feat: add `blas/base/drot` (#1823)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/base/drot/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( N, x, strideX, y, strideY, c, s )
    Applies a plane rotation.

>     The `N` and stride parameters determine how values
>     from `x` and `y` are rotated.

Reviewer: (1) This line is not properly wrapped at 80 chars and (2) we should update the note.

```suggestion
    The `N` and stride parameters determine how values in the strided arrays are accessed at runtime.
```

This may need to be wrapped.

    Indexing is relative to the first index. To introduce an offset, use typed
    array views.

    If `N` is less than or equal to `0`, the vectors are unchanged.

    Parameters
    ----------
    N: integer
        Number of indexed elements.

    x: Float64Array
        First input array.

    strideX: integer
        Index increment for `x`.

    y: Float64Array
        Second input array.

    strideY: integer
        Index increment for `y`.

>     c: float

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    c: number
```

`c` and `s` are not "floats" (i.e., single-precision floating-point numbers).

>         Cosine of angle for rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Cosine of the angle of rotation.
```

>     s: float
>         Sin of angle for rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    s: number
        Sine of the angle of rotation.
```

    Returns
    -------
    y: Float64Array
        Second input array.

    Examples
    --------
    // Standard Usage:
    > var x = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0 ] );
    > var y = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0 ] );
    > {{alias}}( x.length, x, 1, y, 1, 1.0, 0.0 )

>     <Float64Array>[ 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0 ]

Reviewer: This is the input array. Values should change. Also, while `dswap` was emulated here, we should actually do

```
> {{alias}}( x.length, x, 1, y, 1, 1.0, 0.0 );
> x
<Float64Array>[ ??? ]
> y
<Float64Array>[ ??? ]
```

where `???` indicates to fill in the values.

    // Advanced Indexing:
    > x = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0 ] );
    > y = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0 ] );
    > {{alias}}( 2, x, -1, y, 2, 0.707, 0.707 )

>     <Float64Array>[ 2.8280000000000003, 7.0, 4.949, 9.0, 10.0 ]

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

> 

Reviewer 2: Here you are missing `// Using typed array views:`

Reviewer: Yes, for consistency, a typed array views example should be added.

{{alias}}.ndarray( N, x, strideX, offsetX, y, strideY, offsetY, c, s )

>     Applies a plane rotation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Applies a plane rotation using alternative indexing semantics.
```

    While typed array views mandate a view offset based on the underlying
    buffer, the offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting
    indices.

    Parameters
    ----------
    N: integer
        Number of indexed elements.

    x: Float64Array
        First input array.

    strideX: integer
        Index increment for `x`.

    offsetX: integer
        Starting index for `x`.

    y: Float64Array
        Second input array.

    strideY: integer
        Index increment for `y`.

    offsetY: integer
        Starting index for `y`.

>     c: float
>         Cosine of angle for rotation.
> 
>     s: float
>         Sin of angle for rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    c: number
        Cosine of the angle of rotation.

    s: number
        Sin of the angle of rotation.
```

    Returns
    -------
    y: Float64Array
        Second input array.

    Examples
    --------
    // Standard Usage:
    > var x = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0 ] );
    > var y = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0 ] );
    > {{alias}}.ndarray( x.length, x, 1, 0, y, 1, 0, 1.0, 0.0 )

>     <Float64Array>[ 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0 ]

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

    // Advanced Indexing:
    > x = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ] );
    > y = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0, 11.0, 12.0 ] );
    > {{alias}}.ndarray( 4, x, 1, 5, y, -5, 2, 0.707, 0.707 )

>     <Float64Array>[ 7.0, 8.0, 2.1209999999999996, 10.0, 11.0, 12.0 ]

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

{{alias}}( N, x, strideX, y, strideY, c, s )
    Applies a plane rotation.

    The `N` and stride parameters determine how values in the strided arrays are
    accessed at runtime.

    Indexing is relative to the first index. To introduce an offset, use typed
    array views.

    If `N` is less than or equal to `0`, the vectors are unchanged.

    Parameters
    ----------
    N: integer
        Number of indexed elements.

    x: Float64Array
        First input array.

    strideX: integer
        Index increment for `x`.

    y: Float64Array
        Second input array.

    strideY: integer
        Index increment for `y`.

    c: number
        Cosine of the angle of rotation.

    s: number
        Sine of the angle of rotation.

    Returns
    -------
    y: Float64Array
        Second input array.

    Examples
    --------
    // Standard Usage:
    > var x = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0 ] );
    > var y = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0 ] );

>     > {{alias}}( x.length, x, 1, y, 1, 0.8, 0.6 )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > {{alias}}( x.length, x, 1, y, 1, 0.8, 0.6 );
```

For silencing REPL output, make sure that line which do not display expected results end in a semicolon, here and below.

    > y0
    <Float64Array>[ 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 6.8, ~7.0, ~7.2 ]

{{alias}}.ndarray( N, x, strideX, offsetX, y, strideY, offsetY, c, s )
    Applies a plane rotation using alternative indexing semantics.

    While typed array views mandate a view offset based on the underlying
    buffer, the offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting
    indices.

    Parameters
    ----------
    N: integer
        Number of indexed elements.

    x: Float64Array
        First input array.

    strideX: integer
        Index increment for `x`.

    offsetX: integer
        Starting index for `x`.

    y: Float64Array
        Second input array.

    strideY: integer
        Index increment for `y`.

    offsetY: integer
        Starting index for `y`.

    c: number
        Cosine of the angle of rotation.

    s: number
        Sine of the angle of rotation.

    Returns
    -------
    y: Float64Array
        Second input array.

    Examples
    --------
    // Standard Usage:
    > var x = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0 ] );
    > var y = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0 ] );

>     > {{alias}}.ndarray( x.length, x, 1, 1, y, 1, 1, 0.8, 0.6 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > {{alias}}.ndarray( x.length, x, 1, 0, y, 1, 0, 0.8, 0.6 );
```

Same comment. The example return values need to be updated.

    > x
    <Float64Array>[ 1.0, ~5.8, 7.2, 8.6, 10.0 ]
    <Float64Array>[ 6.0, 4.4, ~4.6, ~4.8, 5.0 ]

    // Advanced Indexing:
    > x = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ] );
    > y = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0, 11.0, 12.0 ] );

>     > {{alias}}.ndarray( x.length, x, 2, 2, y, 2, 2, 0.8, 0.6 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > {{alias}}.ndarray( 3, x, 2, 1, y, 2, 1, 0.8, 0.6 );
```

Same comment. I encourage you to think a bit more carefully about what the various parameters mean within the context of array iteration. The errors in these examples have common themes.
